our computer you're just clicks no luck
or skill needed I never let you down
dude I'm bored I got to get online sorry
John but I need to stay online I'm
heavens a conversational ism hi Johnny
uh you talking to your Canadian friend
you got your
ah Canadian eight
Johnny
Johnny Johnny I said ah
like the bad boot machine or sweet
machine you've never played DDR sweet
little bumblebee I don't like you
um bobert maybe you should go to bed
you're looking pretty tired mmm gotta
stay up I gotta get on a good schedule
mm-hmm schedules textbooks the
finiteness illustrations as well by the
way just a summary Oh sounds important
should I be writing this down you have
interfered meteor
yo Bobby wake up just just thinking I
can't tell if you're completely hammered
or just tired I'm gonna fatigue give me
your keys
hey I got a question for you shoot like
you remember that one picture that you
showed me that said every time you
masturbate God kills a kitten it's true
- well does it work backwards if I'd
kill a kitten this is God masturbate he
does if he's a freak
well there's a chance of that you ever
seen a goblin shark that elaborate trap
didn't make you good all right
it elaborate trap to make you asleep an
elaborate trap an elaborate trap that's
a hard word a little bit elaborate trap
to set you elaborate trap set to make
you guru sleep I guess I got so worked
up I got so worked up that I just forgot
uh-huh when are you wanting to go to bed
winner WH en apostrophe re winner
congratulations you won a fist to the
face Rob's face
wait what try using a dictionary yet
dick and we'll be right back after this
mmm-hmm up to your old John fuller yeah
you're sleeping now is on it out again
sleeping zoning meteor sleeping a seer
usually something has a lot of meat
it's very meaty it's meteor than the
usual meaty thing
sleeping zoning sleeping zoning sleeping
zoning sleeping zoning sleeping zoning
sleeping zoning sleeping sleep yes yes
we're all very sleepy big deal you want
trophy can't get one your flesh you can
stain
dude this is pissing me off watching you
be so sleepy is starting to make me
sleepy just go to bed already no gotta
stay up
what's all part about staying up why not
just go to bed well a set of million
times before ya gotta get on a good
schedule as you know I'm usually awake
at night and sleep during the day got
shit to do tomorrow so I gotta stay up
all night and the day before so I can
sleep that night just like a flow flow
for the conversation to flow for the
conversation know what I mean uh
night-night Scratchy
Oh what are you doing in there it's not
don't you dare pick your nose with my
fingers get out of there 30 years
dude get your booty and skedaddle give
me a beat B you got yo B you got yo
picking me and oh oh you got your oh you
gotcha
oh give me a B C you've got your bean
you've got your B give me an e hey
you've got your you've got your eat give
me an R ah you've got your car you got
your are give me a tea tea you got your
G you got your tea what does that spell
fuck
okay now it's all stretched out
you